Clarify stock quantities query (#258)
mirumee/saleor-docs: docs/developer/products.mdx

}
```

> Warehouse is chosen based on argument `address`. If argument is ommited, API will return highest available quantity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A warehouse is chosen based on the argument `address`. If the argument is omitted, API will return the highest available quantity.
```

:::note
To avoid leaking precise stock information, the `quantityAvailable` field will not be greater than the maximum orderable threshold configured in the [`MAX_CHECKOUT_LINE_QUANTITY`](developer/running-saleor/configuration.mdx#max_checkout_line_quantity) server setting.
:::

## Stock quantities

For creating integrations with external stock management system, you will need stock values not restricted by `MAX_CHECKOUT_LINE_QUANTITY`. 

:::note
`stocks` field in the [`ProductVariant`](developer/api-reference/objects/product-variant.mdx) object require `MANAGE_PRODUCTS` permission.
:::

> To clarify difference between `quantityAvailable` and stocks, we will query both for the product variant: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To clarify the difference between `quantityAvailable` and stocks, we will query both for the product variant: 
```
